I
you
this is the mind-numbing black hole I
call a charm and this is me Wesley
Gibson nobody like everybody else I just
keep waiting for a lotto ticket out of
my boring existence and into a life that
means something I knew your father my
father died the week a before your
father died yesterday on the rooftop of
the metropolitan building he was one of
the greatest assassins who ever lived
than the other one it's behind you I
thought he'd be taller shoot the wings
off the flies you're insane
insanity is coasting through life and a
miserable existence when you have a key
to I am locked inside I really think you
have me mixed up with somebody else
shoot the wings off the flies it's a you
shoot but only a few people in the world
can do that you can't see them
your father could do it
and you can do it we are a fraternity of
assassins the weapons of fate the
fraternity has trained assassins for
thousands of years will be given
everything you need curve the ball to
kill your target
I think is ready you don't know how far
the ripples of our decisions go kill one
save a thousand now that's what we
believe in and that's why we do it
this is what's been missing from your
life Wesley purpose all you have to do
now is embrace it shoot this
[ __ ]
are we gonna bond here would you like to
we're in this unstable world
every life hangs by a thread
beyond that thread
take control of your own destiny join us
wanted